the popular support hi hi there after all
world is talking about pepe bath but the
to talk about a simple game, but
complicated but still very simple
only complicated but still well
to play a simple game that gives a
income of a mixer
only $ 50,000 a day
I'll make it much more real and I do not even know how
is that he finished I've even seen games
much worse than I ever did until a video
I hope I have seen several children.
here on youtube of people breaking
defeated cell phone screaming
desperately from anger threatening
play cell phone on the wall or visit
for whom everything because of a
bit that is so difficult by the way
so is the tank
I'm going to play another little bat.
in the corner to see you in my opinion that
to know what opinion in the same
thing and say that the game of the
And this is a front
This one with me is very different when
I want to see the record itself.
Look what happens.
most of those people who get pissed off
the game is a price band to see what
fashion she is comfortable with the game
Everyone started to swear and say
I was from the chapter that galley.
kind of crazy that really things under the
head
It's good that I'm a calm guy.
tranquil lex of this game neither is so
That's how hard you get to start playing.
look what took
op the boy does not give the flamengo
front of the shit galley
ah ah ah, just one more
The best score was 29
What was your best score with more
optional the closed the next night
're earning touring blood following
I got
to and but the pine cone or that social reason